Add config for select or reject status (#46)
php-translation/loco-adapter: Readme.md

      api_key: 'foobar' 
    navigation:
      api_key: 'bazbar' 

>       status: '!untranslated,!rejected' # if you want select some status or reject some status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      status: '!untranslated,!rejected' # if you want filter on loco translations statuses. By default only 'translated' translations are pulled.
```
